README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Ant Design Pro - Strapi GraphQL authentication</h1>

<div align="center">

Implementation of authentication in Ant Design Pro v5 with Strapi API powered by Apollo GraphQL client 🔒

[![Build With Umi](https://img.shields.io/badge/build%20with-umi-028fe4.svg?style=flat-square)](http://umijs.org/) <br/>

<img alt="Ant Design Pro" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Ant_Design_Pro-0170FE?style=for-the-badge&logo=ant-design&logoColor=white" /> <img alt="Ant Design" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Ant_Design-%230170FE?&style=for-the-badge&logo=ant-design&logoColor=white" /> <img alt="Strapi" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/strapi-2e7eea?style=for-the-badge&logo=strapi&logoColor=white" /> <img alt="GraphQL" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GraphQl-E10098?style=for-the-badge&logo=graphql&logoColor=white" /> <img alt="TypeScript" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white" /> <img alt="Apollo GraphQL client" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Apollo_GraphQL-311C87?style=for-the-badge&logo=apollo-graphql" />

<img alt="Ant Design Pro - Strapi auth" src="https://s3.gifyu.com/images/ecf1535jw45n673m255.png" border="0" />

</div>

## Demo

<div align="center">
  <img alt="Ant Design Pro Strapi Auth - Demo" src="https://s3.gifyu.com/images/antdesignpro-strapi-round.gif" border="0" />
</div>

<br/>
Here is a quick guide for how to use :

## Environment Prepare

Install `node_modules`:

```bash
yarn
```

## Provided Scripts

Ant Design Pro provides some useful script to help you quick start and build with web project, code style check and test.

Scripts provided in `package.json`. It's safe to modify or add additional script:

### Start project

```bash
yarn start
```

### Build project

```bash
yarn build
```

### Check code style

```bash
yarn lint
```

You can also use script to auto fix some lint error:

```bash
yarn lint:fix
```

### Test code

```bash
yarn test
```
[![Visits Badge](https://badges.pufler.dev/visits/kevinadhiguna/antdpro-strapi-auth)](https://github.com/kevinadhiguna)

Commit message:

docs: add a link to Ant Design Pro with URQL client repo

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Ant Design Pro - Strapi GraphQL authentication</h1>

<div align="center">

Implementation of authentication in Ant Design Pro v5 with Strapi API powered by Apollo GraphQL client 🔒

[![Build With Umi](https://img.shields.io/badge/build%20with-umi-028fe4.svg?style=flat-square)](http://umijs.org/) <br/>

<img alt="Ant Design Pro" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Ant_Design_Pro-0170FE?style=for-the-badge&logo=ant-design&logoColor=white" /> <img alt="Ant Design" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Ant_Design-%230170FE?&style=for-the-badge&logo=ant-design&logoColor=white" /> <img alt="Strapi" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/strapi-2e7eea?style=for-the-badge&logo=strapi&logoColor=white" /> <img alt="GraphQL" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GraphQl-E10098?style=for-the-badge&logo=graphql&logoColor=white" /> <img alt="TypeScript" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white" /> <img alt="Apollo GraphQL client" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Apollo_GraphQL-311C87?style=for-the-badge&logo=apollo-graphql" />

<img alt="Ant Design Pro - Strapi auth" src="https://s3.gifyu.com/images/ecf1535jw45n673m255.png" border="0" />

</div>

## Demo

<div align="center">
  <img alt="Ant Design Pro Strapi Auth - Demo" src="https://s3.gifyu.com/images/antdesignpro-strapi-round.gif" border="0" />
</div>

<br/>
Here is a quick guide for how to use :

## Environment Prepare

Install `node_modules`:

```bash
yarn
```

## Provided Scripts

Ant Design Pro provides some useful script to help you quick start and build with web project, code style check and test.

Scripts provided in `package.json`. It's safe to modify or add additional script:

### Start project

```bash
yarn start
```

### Build project

```bash
yarn build
```

### Check code style

```bash
yarn lint
```

You can also use script to auto fix some lint error:

```bash
yarn lint:fix
```

### Test code

```bash
yarn test
```

# Looking for Ant Design Pro with URQL GraphQL client ?

Here is the repo you might be looking for : [https://github.com/kevinadhiguna/antdpro-strapi-urql](https://github.com/kevinadhiguna/antdpro-strapi-urql)

[![Visits Badge](https://badges.pufler.dev/visits/kevinadhiguna/antdpro-strapi-auth)](https://github.com/kevinadhiguna)
